Background changes:

While Link Details window was removed all its functionality was transferred to Process File button in the File List tab. By doing this several functions have been removed from the code.
Setup Job button’s functionality was also implemented in to Process File button actions. So now when you select a file and click process file button it additionally links it to a Job and Sets it up, when we have multiple or no matches with jobs for the same file then you won’t be allowed to process this file.
PowerShell script which is being executed from EFT was updated to not only determine if a source file is present but although if it’s empty/has only header. An operator will be informed whenever file doesn’t exist or it’s empty. 

SQL Database required, tables and views were updated in order to files received via SFTP into a CallTrace folder, but which don’t match to an existing Job, to be also added to the File List in the console.
After DPP job was not allowed to be launched due to falsely flagged as CRL environment as disabled, there was updated SQL stored procedure which now takes values from up to date table.

Visual updates:

Table in filelist window now is showing Job_Number, No Matches Or Multiple Matches for a file. Folder column was removed, CreatedDate and UpdatedDate columns were replaced by ReceivedDate(Supplied date) column widths were updated accordingly.

On Active Jobs window RunID column now is wider as after we crossed 100 000 RunIDs a number didn’t fit in the column.
Link Details window was removed entirely
From Job Detail’s window Setup Job button was removed 




Background Changes:

With the removal of the Link Details window, all its functionality has been transferred to the Process File button in the File List tab. As a result, several functions were removed from the code.

The functionality of the Setup Job button has also been integrated into the actions of the Process File button. Now, when you select a file and click the Process File button, it not only links the file to a job but also sets it up. In cases where there are multiple or no matches with jobs for the same file, processing this file is not allowed.

The PowerShell script executed from EFT has been updated to not only determine the presence of a source file but also to check if it is empty or contains only a header. Operators will be notified whenever a file doesn’t exist or is empty.

For the SQL Database requirements, tables and views were updated to include files received via SFTP into a CallTrace folder that doesn't match an existing job. These files are now also added to the File List in the console.

After a DPP job was erroneously flagged as a disabled CRL environment, an SQL stored procedure was updated to retrieve values from an up-to-date table.

Visual Updates:

In the File List window table, the columns now display Job_Number, No Matches, or Multiple Matches for a file. The Folder column was removed, and the CreatedDate and UpdatedDate columns were replaced by the ReceivedDate (Supplied date), with column widths updated accordingly.

In the Active Jobs window, the RunID column is now wider to accommodate numbers beyond 100,000.

The Link Details window has been entirely removed.

From the Job Details window, the Setup Job button was removed.





